Relnotes/taipy#2420 - Only check for core_version in not-development mode (#1270)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/release-notes/index.md

  See [issue #2017](https://github.com/Avaiga/taipy/issues/2017).
- When the DAG of a `Scenario^` or a `Sequence^` is not valid, an error message is now logged
  before raising the `InvalidSequence^` exception.<br/>
  See [issue #2322](https://github.com/Avaiga/taipy/issues/2322).

> - After upgrading the *taipy-core* version, in development versioning management mode, all entities are
>   cleaned without checking for the *taipy-core* version. The versioning management system now only
>   checks for the *taipy-core* version when in experiment or production mode.<br/>
>   See [issue #2420](https://github.com/Avaiga/taipy/issues/2420).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Taipy now only checks the compatibility of the installed *taipy-core* version with the
  versions set in the existing entities when the application runs either in experiment or
  in production mode.<br/>
  See [issue #2420](https://github.com/Avaiga/taipy/issues/2420).
```

Author: This explains the change much better. Thank you
